Zero audio.
She turned the night light on a blue kiss.
He's there back through his dream, play all the eyes.
Hello.
Welcome once again to Meltdown Comics and the NerdMelt Theater.
Guess what everybody?
Harmontown is now in session.
Let's welcome the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Thank you. What a lovely, lovely group of people.
You seem to be on first impression, at least.
I got my notes.
I got some notes.
Well, of course, we lost a legend today, Philip Seymour Hoffman Tide.
Let's start with that. You should always go with a high-energy opener.
Were you connected to that when you heard the news?
No, I did, and that's a testament to the fact that how much respect,
I think, that Kai really is worthy of it.
Famous people die, and it's like, we only have a relationship to their fame,
and they're like, well, he was famous.
Hey, the guy that played Klinger on M.A.S.H. died today,
and you're like, aw, you automatically go aw, because death is bad.
Jimmy Farr died too?
No, no. I didn't mean to upset you, no.
But I'm saying, I was picking like a random person that's like,
well, I mean, the only, at this point, he's just a famous name.
He's just a name you know.
And then there's people that pass that you go, oh, shit, holy fuck,
that's terrible that they're gone.
And yes, I have equated that against the fact that millions of us die every day.
Philip Seymour Hoffman was worth a couple hundred thousand normal people, at least.
He was a good fucking actor.
I'm bummed he's dead, even though we all die every day.
I watched a bunch of the footage, the coverage of it,
and I was, you know, I was bummed out, not that I was ever like, very close to him,
and I couldn't separate the idea that, are they covering this so much
because he won an Oscar, because he's great, because he's a good theater actor,
or what, but I was surprised the level of coverage that got.
Well, I think truly, I mean, this is, no, well, here's my answer to that.
He won an Oscar because he's great, there's coverage because he won an Oscar,
he won an Oscar because he's great, he was a theater actor,
he was a good fucking actor, he was really, really good.
I watched Capote today, I don't know, I picked a PSH movie to watch to mourn him.
We rolled into Boogie Nights, but I had to come here,
but every movie he's in, he makes better.
He's never been bad, he's just a good actor.
He's one of those rare actors who doesn't just inhabit characters
and like, oh, that's amazing, he really seems Russian.
That's a good, that's a type of good acting.
There's another type of good acting that's like, wow, Woody Allen's really good at being himself,
even though he's just a writer on screen, like, talking about his feelings.
That's another type of good acting.
But, but, but, but Philip Seymour Hoffman puts him, put himself into people who were nothing like him.
And Capote was one of those amazing, amazing examples.
You really don't know what you're watching.
If you, if you see footage of Truman Capote and then you see footage of Philip Seymour Hoffman
and then you watch that movie, you really are watching like a miracle happen.
In my opinion, it's like, he's not, he's not doing a rich little impression of Truman Capote,
but he's certainly like talking funny the way Truman Capote did, which I have no idea how you could possibly do that
and still emote and there are scenes in that movie and that movie is riveting.
Even if, even if there was a bad actor in that role, I think that would be one of my favorite stories.
But the camera pushes on him and it's just fucking, only thing that's for sale is him just bursting into tears.
And it's, it is, it is as amazing as watching a fireworks display.
Now he died, we can, I think, assume from the reports that we have already that it was heroin overdose.
That wasn't big news. Like Justin Bieber egged some houses. That's giant news.
This guy was a heroin addict and has kids and is cool.
No, it wasn't. Well, he was struggling with it. It was like Robert Downey Jr. You know, it was like, we were in his corner.
He was, he was struggling with it for a long time and that's the, that's the crazy thing about our point of view on drugs in the society.
You know, it, I find it very strange. He was, Hoffman was, was straight for 11 years or something.
He battled and battled and battled with it. And we all have to accept at this point.
I'm not asking the truck drivers listening to feel sorry to shed a tear for the famous actors of the world.
But we have to accept at this point with Heath Ledger and Robert Downey Jr.
And we have to accept that, that if you're really good, if you're really capable of genuine charisma on camera, and not a lot of us can fill that job,
that there's something, there's some overlap between that. And, you know, there's a challenge with, with the stuff.
And we, so, and we go back and forth between treating it as a challenge and as an indulgence.
And I, I, I do want to give a special wag of the, wag of the dick to Val Kilmer for his terrible.
Like, I was looking at all the celebrity tweets, you know, is there a new segment?
Dan Harmon's Wag of the Dick at Val Kilmer. Because every week you're going to wag your dick at Val Kilmer.
I'm on his case now. I'm got a week after a week, I'm going to find, I'm going to, I'm going to call out Val Kilmer and something.
I'm going to watch him now because, because I was surprised at the amount of class and restraint and genuine,
sincere, emotional mourning going on on Twitter by famous people who aren't exactly famous all the time for their tact,
their, I don't know, their, their grace. Sometimes if you're famous for being a really good actor,
maybe you're a bit of a jackass on Twitter. Sometimes you can be famous for being a jackass on Twitter and do a show at Meltdown,
pulling like a hundred people. But the, I was amazed because I was, I scanned down the list,
they always do that aggregate story. Hollywood reacts on Twitter to, to screen legends death.
And I was like, where's the, where's the bad guy? Where is he? Val Kilmer.
I got, does anybody have his tweet pulled up? I get, it was, it was, he kind of, he did a lot of Prince-like abbreviation.
Like he, he would, he would, he would spell blue B-L-U. He didn't have time to blue day for the thing.
It was like, like the idea that, that a, that a good guy had died was about 10% of his 140 characters.
And on the rest of it was crammed in with abbreviations about how drugs are bad things.
Sometimes people feel like they need to escape through them, but you don't need to do that, man.
You got to keep, you got to keep, keep your strength up. You know, it's like, wow, a little, a little,
that's a good time to pontificate about your view on things in the middle of a eulogy.
Pull up, pull up a Val Kilmer tweet right now.
Okay, thank you.
Tyler in the front row has one for us.
This is Val Kilmer's tweet. This is a, this is my, my new segment called Tisk, Tisk, Val Kilmer.
Should we get theme music for that?
Blue Day Spelled Like Blue Ray.
Tisk, Tisk, Val Kilmer, you did something naughty. I'm watching you, you've acted rather hearty.
Why you carry yourself that way?
Online.
Thank you.
Blue Day Spelled Like Blue Ray. Let's give him the benefit of the doubt. That's auto correct, right?
He's using a Sony phone.
You want a blue ray?
The phone says, no, it's a blue day, Sam, Sam, Sony 2000.
So it's, it's sick blue ray?
No, no, no, no.
Val Kilmer says, starts his tweet, blue day.
But he spells the word blue the way you spell blue and blue ray.
B-L-U.
Okay. Or, or, or, yeah, or he's from, uh, uh, Bellevue De Vaux.
Yes.
Jeff was like,
I don't know, tips and toe, she broke a needle and she can't soap.
I'm not going to shock anyone with this news. It's Super Bowl Sunday. Jeff came here directly from the drying room.
It's been a, it's been a long day.
I'm drunk.
You made a face like you were about to not, you were about to say, I'm sober.
Are you sober?
Probably not.
If I know me.
But this is a rare day where I'm, I'm relative to you. I'm like, hey, whoa.
Yeah. I'm not, I'm not complaining. I'm not complaining.
Okay.
You're about to.
No, no, no, I'm not complaining. I would never complain.
That would be instant karma so fast. I'm going to be as drunk as you in the next 20 minutes.
I'm just, I'm just tired.
All right. All right. This is, this segment's gone way too long.
Read it, read the tweet.
Okay. Let's, let's start from the top though. This, this segment's called, Tiss Tiss Val Kilmer.
Naughty, naughty. Where's the Batman?
You know it. Not his fault. Just bad casting. That's weird casting.
And that's a George Clooney's been Batman and even that was swallowable. Val Kilmer?
Michael Keaton?
Michael Keaton.
Oh, that's an interesting little groundswell of,
what was it about Michael Keaton's portrayal of Batman that's defensible?
His heart was in it. I don't know. He, he, he, he was, he was, he was the size of an actual bat, but he,
but he, you felt like he was like, yeah, fuck you, Michael Keaton has Batman.
And like, you, I don't know. I felt like he,
He's the first guy to whisper in Batman. And you, and you liked it.
Cause he like, he whispered it like it was good.
And he's arguably the best thing about that movie.
That was, that was in a rare time when Michael Keaton had a license to print money.
He was in everything. He was Mr. Mom. He was a gung-ho. He was in every goddamn thing.
Well, let's travel back in time to that day. Like, not, not to the point where,
where you don't have to give him as much credit as we have to give him.
Like, like he, like Bruce Willis in Die Hard, he was, he was, he was,
Michael Keaton was, he wasn't coming off of Mr. Mom.
It was, it was, it was weird when they announced that Michael Keaton was going to be in a Batman suit.
It was weird for everybody, but, but, but, but all the Frank Miller like, like Die Hards kind of went,
whatever Tim Burton wants, like, like this is, they're making a Batman suit.
Was that his first choice? Did someone say no before Michael Keaton?
Somebody must have, right?
It was Elizabeth Mastrantonio.
For real? For real?
Yeah, a woman.
Uh.
This won't be one of our more popular segments, but it will be.
It'll have the best mileage.
It's becoming my favorite already.
Let's see if this guy's iPhone went to sleep already.
Now you gotta, Tyler's going to put his biometrics back into it to start it up.
Thank you.
Uh, all right. So here we go.
Blue Day, Philip Seymour Hoffman, ODD.
Not died, ODD.
O-D, apostrophe D?
That's correct.
All right.
Addiction comes from, that's an abbreviation of from.
Addiction comes from trying to escape the pain of living.
We all struggle with this, but drugs, capital D on drugs, never help.
So that's a good 5% spent on the eternal soul of the man you supposedly respect.
And, you know, you know, 95% what you've got to say about some fucking bullshit.
And I just find that within the span of the same tweet, Val Kilmer, I'm just telling you,
there's no rule book for it, but let me start to write it.
Your chapter one, that's tacky.
All right. So here we go.
Oh, thank you for your...
That was Val Kilmer.
And hey, you can redeem yourself, Mr. Kilmer.
By coming on our show.
You can come down through the skylight if you like.
And fight me with your sharp little wing-weapon.
What's your beef with his Batman?
No, no, no, I don't really have one.
Honestly, I swear, he gave it his all too.
He was a handsome man at that time.
I don't know.
I mean, that movie was just a...
That was a bad, bad experience for anyone to have to have if you were alive back then.
It was just a bad thing to happen.
I'm pretty sure everybody here was.
Yeah, and it was just, you know...
Nobody here is 12.
All right, so let's move on.
We got over that tragedy, but yeah.
Oh, I was... Yeah.
I don't know. Guy was a good actor.
Well-deserving of public mourning and our respect.
And I'm telling you, I mean, that guy is gonna...
Now, because we take these people for granted.
National treasures, I would call them.
Go back and watch every movie that has Philip Seymour Hoffman in it.
And now even...
It's not like we didn't recognize in fact he was a good actor, but holy shit.
He's gonna be like a legend.
And it's a shame because he would have been so fucking good for the next 30 years.
It's terrible. He was 46 years old.
Terrible, terrible.
Steve Martin tweeted today that he saw him do Willie Lohman.
And said that it was the best Willie Lohman that he'd ever seen.
He was that good.
He was a hell of a theater actor.
I can't even begin to imagine seeing him live on stage.
You know what I can't begin to imagine, Dan?
Is a sports corner.
Today is Super Bowl Sunday.
Dan, I know that you saw the big game
because you're a big lover of games, big and small.
Yeah, yeah, I need to keep up on all the sports
with my seven plasma screens and my sports bar.
Sports Corner!
Sports Corner, get up, you're sports.
Throw up your hands, make it sports worse.
Gotta get the ball outside.
Gotta put it in the bounds wide.
Sports Corner, gotta do what you see.
Gotta talk about sports, know what I mean.
I got injuries, got athletic yardage,
got all kinds of things into Sports Corner.
Dan?
Super Bowl just ended probably at like...
What a game.
Who did you have favored going into the game
before we talk about the result?
Well, I think that all of us were rooting.
We thought whether we were rooting for them or not,
we thought this was a distinct situation
of the home team having an advantage.
Well...
But they played in a neutral field in New York.
Well, and who's more neutral than you know who?
Then...
Okay, well, I mean, Dan, I don't have to tell you
that it was the Seattle Seahawks versus the Denver Broncos.
Yeah, I don't even know.
We'll have to edit that out, it's so redundant.
Yeah, exactly.
But going in, were you a Seahawks guy or a Broncos guy?
I mean, we all thought for...
Look, as a betting man?
Yes.
As a sportsologist?
Just by the numbers.
Strictly by the numbers.
As a blueprint sportsman
over my toast and jam,
getting gearing up for the day,
no matter what I'm hearing about...
Real quick, just tell me who the teams were again.
It was the Seahawks and the Broncos.
Okay, yeah, okay.
And where are they from?
Seattle and Denver.
Okay, shit, I feel terrible for even asking.
Yeah, I mean, again, just edit it out.
It doesn't matter.
Everyone knows what I'm telling you.
So, yeah, we all felt going in,
because the robot part of us felt like
it was going to be a Seahawk game, right?
Yeah, because...
Well, just because of the boring statistics, Jeff,
the technical things,
the things that don't have to do with the human heart.
Yardage, for instance, like the Seahawks...
He came into this game with a superior yardage
and just more completions.
There's just more completions
as seams on paper like butter football.
If you're a robot.
But if you look at it from a standpoint of injuries
and recoveries of those injuries
and March Madness,
which is a factor that nobody ever...
like, because, oh, that's months off.
March Madness isn't going to matter.
People forget to put March Madness into the Super Bowl equation.
So that's, you know...
So what we saw today was a fucking clash
of the fucking Titans.
Pardon my French.
Were you surprised by the result?
I think we all were.
Were you?
Of course I was, yeah.
In what way?
Well, I never thought I'd see so much steam
coming off of the field.
I was surprised, frankly,
by the lack of leadership on the Broncos part.
That was a heartbreaker
because this is a team that's renowned
for its quarterbackery.
Everyone knows that the Seahawks,
they're like a team of rogues, okay?
They move as one unit.
They advance the ball, okay?
You're actually kind of getting close
to being accurate, which is amazing.
The Broncos have always been,
it's always been about one guy, their quarterback.
Who is?
Stop interrupting me!
And that guy...
Peyton Manning, you're talking about.
I didn't see the same arm on Manning today.
What did you see the difference?
I felt like something was wrong at home.
This is a guy who's usually very strategic.
He sees a pocket and he delivers to it
with no thought about the larger yardage.
This was a person who was...
he was about the amount of downs.
Like, he knew that this was a game of downs.
The more downs you get, the more yardage you're gonna get.
You're gonna get more downs.
You thought there were too many thought pockets?
He's just thinking too much about yardage.
Like, I'm gonna make a big yardage pass.
Instead of like, who'd the old Manning's Peyton's?
Yeah.
Like, he was a guy who would just shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot,
break into the little pockets right in front of him.
Okay, that's a third down. Congratulations.
Now you got more downs.
You can trade those in for more points in the kickoff.
That's how you win Super Bowls.
Sports Corner!
The Seahawks knew that.
They learned that, and they knew it.
They saw the weakness, and they took advantage of it.
Right on the 50-yard line, you can see it.
Did you make a bet in the game? Did you have any money on that?
I put it all on the Hawks.
What was the wage here?
Did you take the points or the money line?
A gentleman doesn't say.
But I will say the spread was two to three.
Took a two to three spread.
If you bet a lot on sports, you know it's about the spread.
Now, Dan, you're a big football guy.
So now that the football season is officially over...
Yeah, but now March Madness starts.
Now you're Mr. March Madness. Who do you like in the brackets?
I think I'm going to keep an eye on every bracket.
I think South Division is always the...
We make the romantic notion it's going to be about South Division,
but look at Northwest. Look what they did.
Among the top ten teams...
Look at the Eastern Seaboard. Among the top ten teams.
Top ten teams, who do you like?
Brackets, Jeff. It's not about teams, it's about brackets and teams.
But teams exist with East Western.
North. East Western.
Eastern Seaboard. East Western.
East Western Division is, you laugh, but after the wild card rule
was removed from the brackets,
now East Western is going to be one of the big powerhouses coming out.
You guys laughed about Fox becoming a major network,
but East Western Division is going to fucking tear up the Astro.
While we're on it.
Who do you like in the Oscars? Best picture noms?
Oh, you know, best picture, well, you know, people follow their hearts.
I'm going to go Skippy's problem.
Skippy's problem.
Because, you know, I mean, it's...
I don't want to be crass. I'm going to get in trouble for this tomorrow in the press.
But he's an alien with AIDS.
People are going to go for that.
That's going to bring in all the Transformers people and all the AIDS people.
And when you see, when you see Harrelson's performance, you're going to go,
like, okay, just get an Oscar.
Why is Harrelson...
Look, I love Harrelson as much as anybody.
Why is he in every movie now?
He's high.
He loves getting high and making movies.
He can do whatever he wants. What would you do?
Did you see 12 Years a Slave? What do you think about that?
Yeah, I love...
No, I didn't. I didn't see it.
I thought about the concept of riffing on that,
the joke being that I had seen it, and then...
I don't know, I saw low dividends.
But she haven't seen it.
I haven't seen anything. I saw her. I saw her.
I liked her.
Her was good.
That's one for the ages, yeah.
I love that movie.
I was not a big Joaquin Phoenix fan. I liked that movie.
I thought it was quite good.
I think he's great.
What I love about her is that, like, Eternal Sunshine,
it's these movies where you deconstruct love,
where you actually get to the heart of it.
It's like these movies where fucking, you know...
19 pairs of shoes and three raisins to do it.
Like, they can be cute sometimes.
Sometimes they can be good, but they're never good.
What was the log line on 19 pairs of shoes
and the three raisins to do it?
Sometimes Mr. Right can be right here.
But those movies are...
Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're bad,
but they are those movies.
And those movies never have anything to do with actual love,
because they formalize love in an attempt to get their story done
in a way that people, because they devalue the audience,
they don't think that the audience understands what love is.
And it's these movies where somebody that's very lonely
and very creative, like, says, yeah, but fuck love.
Fuck love the way it is in these movies
and kind of deconstructs it that the surface seems cynical,
but those are the movies where you actually learn things
about love while you're watching.
I mean, I felt myself feeling things,
watching a movie about Joaquin Phoenix
jerking off to his computer.
It was profound, the things that they illustrated
about the nature of relationships
and the definition of true love.
And also, yeah, it's nice.
They removed the human body from the equation,
which is an important thing to do
if you're gonna get to the bottom of real love.
Because some of you people got no legs.
I've read about you.
Stand up!
Stop!
Hey, Jeff, can I tell you something
I've always wanted to say up on this stage?
You love cocking your mouth?
Real nice.
I do not have that honor.
Of being able to say that?
Of having a cock in my mouth.
I could if I wanted.
You could.
It's certainly within your bailiwick
as mayor of Ironman 10.
All right.
All right, so...
This segment is called...
Before you tell me,
excuse me for a musical theme.
It doesn't matter.
I was all like, you can pick one.
The segment is called...
Seemingly unrelated paragraphs
that I say into the microphone
in a confusing tense
that make you think that I'm not
here in the moment in this show.
I'm sorry, say it again.
Say it again.
I think I had the theme for it.
I'm simultaneously trying to
memorize the...
You just say play.
I think I got it.
All right, you ready?
Okay.
So the segment is called
Seemingly unrelated paragraphs
that I've memorized
and I'm going to recite
as if I'm making them up.
Well, Jeff,
the thing about writing is...
The thing about writing is
it's a life spent throwing messages
and bottles out into this darkness
and you can see online
or through Nielsen numbers
that people are watching.
You can see in forums
that people are respecting it
but what I'd like to do,
I guess on this tour now that I have
no job is get out there
and see if any of these people are real
and look into their eyes
and find out if I've been having any impact.
Did you get that?
That's a wrap on principle photography
for the Harmontown documentary.
We're liars.
Sometimes we lie.
Dana, finish your movie.
Dana, I don't...
I said that on January 2nd, 2012.
I'd like to try it one more time
and do it more honest.
Go ahead.
What?
Say it.
We didn't get it.
Try it again.
Okay.
More honest?
It's all alive.
More in the moment.
Oh, more in the moment.
Okay.
All right.
I mean, all right.
How do we get you in the moment?
Well, ask me about this topic
but we have to change tenses.
That's the confusing thing.
We haven't gone on a tour yet.
Do it in the Plue Perfect.
Is that Val Kilmer's Plue Perfect?
Plue.
Dash Perfect.
Just go with it.
Go with it.
I wasn't asking for a suggestion
like an improv show for tents.
I was joking and saying,
doing it again,
I thought you did it perfectly first.
Okay.
Well, I mean, the thing is,
the reason we write is because
we want to connect with people.
So you sit and you put messages in bottles.
You throw them into darkness
at people that you don't know.
And then you see that they like it,
but you see that in the form of numbers
or on the internet.
I just want it now that I'm between jobs.
I thought we could go out there
and go see if any of these people were real.
Did I have, was there an impact there?
God, it just seems so fucking fake.
That's not why I went out there.
Neil, now I want you to get behind Dan
and film an audience while Dan says it again.
But I want the audience to lie too,
pretend they haven't seen this before.
Because now, if we're going to use this,
it's going to be in the documentary.
At least they all get to go,
oh, we were in that scene
when we were talking about bullshit.
We wrote that together.
That's all right.
But I want you guys to look either bummed out
or blown away or whatever.
But now Dan,
you have to bring the thunder now.
All right.
It's like,
when you're a writer,
the goal is to be racist.
And...
But I've never met a person that wasn't white.
So I think the purpose of this tour
is to get out there
on a team of horses
and just find and touch
and possibly interrogate
non-Caucasians.
Wow.
There's no end to the fallacy.
Neil thinks I'm making fun of the process,
but I'm not.
I mean, it's a...
If you try to make a documentary
about me going on the road,
I don't know why I'm going on the road.
That was like a little chunk
that we thought maybe we could use.
Did you get it, Neil?
Got it.
You got it.
See you in Austin.
Yeah, Berkeley.
Yeah, see you at South by Southwest.
That's how you make documentaries?
Wait, our documentary's already in the...
We're already in South by Southwest.
Yeah, yeah.
He's still shooting it.
We've been selected.
That means that in the trailer
there will be like,
Laurel Leaves around a thing
that says selected.
On our little logo,
there's Laurel Leaves,
but doesn't ours already have
Laurel Leaves around it?
Those are other...
Not that one,
but our Harmontown logo
has Laurels around it.
Double Laurels.
We're resting on other Laurels.
Interesting.
Anyways, yeah.
I mean, he probably won't use that
because you can see
when I'm being insincere
and I can't do it,
but I said it on the couch in there.
Said what?
Said the thing about going on the road
to touch people.
Say it again.
Say it again,
but really well while the camera's not here,
because I'm going on the road
to touch people.
I'm going to get into a tour bus
because I'm between jobs
and I just want to go out there, Jeff,
and I want to see if there's faces behind
the low Nielsen's
and the affectionate Tumblr blogs
that I can touch,
provided their age is above a certain limit.
And make eye contact with it and say,
am I a good person even though I'm fired?
It's a terrible reason to go on a tour
and I don't think it's accurate.
Was there ever a reason?
Do you know the reason for real?
No.
It could be.
It was just for fun, right?
Well, I think the reason for the tour
is was, it's not usable,
but the reason for the tour was...
Niel, get out of here.
The reason for the tour was to,
it had something to do with me, the performer,
because I had just been fired as the writer,
so I was just kind of going like,
well, I don't know,
I just wanted to dive into something that was different,
you know, that's all.
I don't know what beyond that.
The documentary does a pretty good job of revealing
what a gross, weird balloon animal of a person I am.
I feel like at a real simple level,
the idea was that you'd left the comfort zone of this room
and wondered if you could find this kind of comfort level
in Phoenix and Brooklyn, whatever,
and strangely, we found it,
because the audience is not any different wherever you go.
Yup.
And did it make you happier at the end?
Did it change you in any way?
Nope.
Not at all.
It made you happy.
Yeah, it made me happy.
Donuts make me happy.
I don't know if they're good for me or not.
I don't know if I should deny myself them
or devour them for breakfast.
Yeah, it made me happy going on tour.
I think that I am a...
I will always be an incomplete person.
I hope so, because if you die a complete person,
then that means you wasted some seconds of your life.
It would be nice to bring it right into the station.
Complete.
Die.
But other than that, your life should be spent kind of completing yourself.
I...
So I did not get completed by the tour.
I didn't turn into somebody else.
I didn't suddenly realize halfway through that I should be a vegetarian
or that I should quit drinking or that I should value the sunset.
I think I overcame my stage fright
maybe by orders of 5-10% more.
And I think I also realized that it's too late for me in terms of character arc.
As a character, that's why guys my age aren't characters on TV.
They're usually detectives or surgeons.
They're supposed to have their shit figured out.
And so that's why it was nice to go on the road with Spencer,
who still is young enough to be affected by old people.
It was nice getting to know him and hearing a little bit of him and me
and putting a little bit of me into him.
And coming back with him...
Can you elaborate on that?
And coming back with him, I hired Spencer as my assistant
and I started that animated show with Spencer
and I'm not shoving Spencer into the system,
but I'm putting him out there.
We ended up writing a character for him on community
and everything continues to be unflappable to him.
Does he deserve it? Will it make him a good person? Who cares?
But he's a person too that now can be out there.
I take pleasure in that.
And I don't get to change.
Fucking old, dude.
But there was a moment when you got back on community,
when they rehired you, you came back here and you had your arms crossed
and you sat down and you seemed very poised and vindicated.
You did change in that moment.
There was a vindication there and wouldn't that be a change?
Yeah.
But then that's short-lived, right?
Then all of a sudden you're back at the dirty work of...
Yeah, the same companies that will fire you because they don't give a shit about you
will also rehire you because they don't give a shit about you.
You shouldn't take it as seriously as you do.
But I'm going to keep doing it.
Could you answer honestly?
I mean, could you even know the answer to this question?
Would you rather there was another season of community
or would you rather there not be one?
A sixth season?
Yeah.
No, I can't answer that question because I have to actively...
I think we've already talked about this.
This is a very strange thing for me.
I have to actively hope for a sixth season otherwise I wouldn't be able to go to work there.
If you knew there was going to be a sixth season, would that instantly make you happy
or would that make you bummed out or worried?
It's more complex than that.
It's like knowing that you have a baby on the way.
I mean, there's different parts of you that would be like,
fuck, am I ready for this?
Shit, I could have used that trip to the Everglades.
Come on, we've all been there.
It's just that fantasy of having a kid,
but you also want to go on one of those fan boats.
And what could be more mutually exclusive?
Knowing you for a long time.
So you say gators is sex is determined by the temperature?
That's right.
Keep your babies blanket out of the fan, please.
You never see that. It's dangerous.
Either pro-creator or explorer America's swamp lands.
Do not try both.
Knowing you for a long time, it's hard to say whether you're a happy version of you or a sad version.
You always come off like you're incomplete, there's a sadness to you,
but I would say right now knowing you that you're probably as happy as you've been since I've known you.
Definitely, yeah.
But you don't wear a smile. You're not a smile.
You don't do bell kicks down the road.
My whole life is a smile.
He said frowningly.
The part you get to look at is the little center part of the smile that's the little kissy part.
The fucking corners of my life are up by my, up by God's ears.
I'm part of God. I'm God's mouth.
I am God's mouth and I am smiling.
But the part you get to see for 40 years is a wrinkly little snot gutter
with gross mustache hair on it.
You can never tell if it's smiling.
But yeah, I like that metaphor. I'm going to refine it and blog about it.
But yeah, definitely.
Yeah, no, because I've got a lot of stuff. I'm always way happier if there's stuff out there that people are experiencing
that can somehow, I can convince myself, reflect on my value as a person.
Well, simultaneously knowing that it doesn't.
But I'm way happier having something on the air than not having something on the air.
If they were to say, hey, we need to succeed as a community,
I'm going to be just as happy as if they say communities canceled, exactly as happy for totally different reasons.
It's a completely, I'm fulfilled. I get to do whatever I want.
I get to, I have a fucking giant baby.
Just like a big pacifier in my mouth and now I'm getting married to somebody who's heard me fart
and I got a dog and it's all, it does it like, I'm not tap dancing every day.
I still got a lot of shit to do, but yeah, you're right. I'm happy.
Why are you applauding happiness?
That's the one thing that doesn't need, applaud world hunger.
Oh, wait, don't do that. No, don't do that.
Wait, that's bad. Okay, I know, I know, I retract my question.
That's why you're applauding it.
You want to reward it because you want more happiness.
They're applauding happiness, but it's so funny when you say you're happy, you make an excruciating face.
I was thinking about their applause.
It was like, why do we applaud people saying they're happy?
But you frown before the applause.
You were saying, I frown when I talk. I'm a thoughtful person.
No, but you don't frown all the time.
You frown more tonight when you said that you're happy and content.
Because it's not a natural state.
A happy person's natural state is not talking about how happy they are, why they're happy.
That's not a natural state. So it takes me out of the happy moment to count the reasons why I'm happy.
That's something that dishonest people do.
Oh, I love Todd so much. He and I, he did the most sweet thing the other day.
He and I, we went rock climbing because that's how we met.
And he pulled out a tiny rock, the same shape as, and just blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
press release about how complete you are as a couple, fuck off.
I'm so amazed. I went to Griffith Park today and I went jogging.
I just fucking blew out my quads and my delts and I feel fucking good.
I feel so good. I'm really at a complete place in my life. I don't believe you.
I'm frowning when I talk about whether I'm happy or not because who the fuck talks about that?
Well, that sounds like you don't, yeah, you're right about that.
But I feel like part of you is that you don't feel like you're allowed to be happy.
Like you're getting away with something that you're...
I don't think I'm allowed to say it.
I think that frowning and scowling and...
But if somebody asks you, are you happy, you're allowed to say yes.
Secretly. It's privately. A little more privately then.
I don't think it makes for a good speech.
Like Hitler didn't say, I'm happy.
He wasn't happy!
But he got so much done.
Oh boy.
We may actually have to edit that out.
That just came together wrong.
I'm so used to using Hitler as a way to make a point.
I accidentally used him to make a point about happiness.
Because I don't normally talk about how to be happy.
Usually grabbing the Hitler tool out of the toolbox works but I was feeding a baby.
I grabbed that Hitler.
Oh no, I'm feeding a baby with a Hitler.
But now you're smiling more tight about Hitler than you did about your own happiness.
Look at the smile on your face. This guy loves Hitler.
You hate yourself.
I'm smiling because it's fun to make mistakes.
Their reaction is fun. We're laughing together.
And then the odd thing is, there's so many things that we've talked about on this stage.
Where everybody's been smiling and happy and feeling free and like nothing's wrong.
And then there's the context issue.
Here's a recording, here's a transcript of Dan Harmon talking about his feelings about work.
And it's like, it's all fun. Otherwise I wouldn't say it up here.
I'm trying to make people laugh. I'm trying to make people think.
I'm trying to make people happy that they spent $10 on something.
I'm not going to...
And then it's like, I tend to go to the places where these people are happy.
And everyone's smiling and interested or whatever.
But then there's a global context now. It's also fucked up and stupid.
Yeah, but fuck that shit. You're allowed to shoot from the hip still.
You're never going to stop doing that.
I'm always going to do that, but I don't want to talk about it that anymore.
And I also don't want to talk about whether or not I'm happy.
Like it's some kind of press release.
I understand, but that's a silly thing.
Like Catherine Hepburn was in some interview.
I want to say it was Dick Cavett. Maybe it was, maybe it wasn't.
And there was a leading question.
Kind of like, do you like Hollywood? Do you like Hollywood people?
And she says like, the best people I've ever known lived in Hollywood.
Like, I love being an actress. I love like, I know you want me to say that I like,
like fuck Hollywood and their phonies.
It's like the greatest people in the world live in this town.
Like, I'm surrounded by creative people.
And she can say that, but she knows when she says that, that you sound like...
That's a very unidentifiable thing to say out loud as he just scatters the stage with ice.
You're allowed to be happy. You're allowed to brag about it.
But you're never going to boast about your happiness,
but you're allowed to, you know, kind of smile and chuckle at your own well-being right now.
Well, I think that when you're... I don't know about you.
Well, I do know about you. You're weird.
But I know that Dino and I, because I've talked to him about this,
when we're really happy, we get in our car and we play like really fucked up melancholy music.
Like, if I find out that I've been nominated for an Emmy, and I have...
No, not recently. Sorry. That wasn't an announcement.
I'm saying, I know, I'm saying like these experiences where it's like in a biopic, you're supposed to simply just go like,
huh, like it's more when it happens in real life when you go like,
I just won this thing or I just achieved this thing or that thing I was working on really hard,
it's getting picked up and it's going to go and it's going to...
I tend to just like, I seek isolation in those moments and melancholy.
And something to do with like the same fact that the way we appreciate food is we destroy it, we'd shit it out.
Our saliva has enzymes in it that break a thing down so that we can use it in a real way.
And I love nothing more if I'm having a really good professional time.
Like, I love to celebrate it quietly but with a drink staring out a window at a Michael Mann Los Angeles skyline
and play something really synthy and sad and heroin sounding and kind of like,
and definitely not smile if a camera panned around me, the director might go,
come on, give me a little, you just got nominated for an Emmy.
No, this is what it looks like. It looks like fucking like, yeah, whoever would have thought.
You know, you just sort of like slump into it. I'm happy so much that I'm always just doing that.
That's good to hear. Cause if I was like, if I was waiting tables, if I was lifting crates and stuff and I've had those jobs,
not crates, but like, yeah, you come home and then you go right for the, you grab a beer and you chug it down
and you call a friend and you're like, well, let's have some fun. That might be age too.
Like, I haven't done that stuff since that age, but I have a feeling that working a 12 hour shift at an emergency room
makes you want to go out and smile a lot. Excuse me.
But like, if you, if you, if you get paid to be in your pajamas for four months of the year
and then, and then drink Starbucks and talk about how to make people laugh for the other part of the year,
like, and then if also people tell you that you're doing it well, I don't know.
I don't know how often you'd smile because what's the point?
Yeah, I think of the times when I felt like when I was really at my lowest and like, when I was really broke
and being evicted and like, like things started finally happening for me like with work.
Like you don't, you don't run out and smile and like call your friends and celebrate you.
You sit in the corner in the dark and cry like that.
Some of the happiest moments I've ever had was being completely alone and just like crumpled into a heap.
But you just said back in those days when both you and I were broke, you were being evicted and all that stuff.
We, to correct you on that or, or clarify, we, when we would go out, we were, we were laughing all the time.
Yeah.
I'm saying that the first moment when the moment, the first moment of safety when, when the phone call came in that a job came in,
when you were going to be on a show or like work came in, you don't go like, woo-hoo.
Like, like, like, it's a new way that you use it.
Yeah.
My knees gave out a couple of times and you just lay on the floor.
Oh yeah.
And you talk about those moments.
And you put on sad music and later on when you recover, I called up you and you and I would go out there
and then we would sit there and giggle at our fortune because you and I were paying each other's bills for, for a couple of years.
Like, we were surviving off of each other's alternate good fortune.
There, there were times when you and I, I've never seen you or I laugh as much.
But I agree with you in those moments when, when like, when you're really like happy alone, it's not, you're not Jean Kelly,
you know, dancing on the street.
You're, you're in the corner or in your car, you know, like being wishful and melancholy.
Yeah.
Yeah. And who's crankier than, I don't know, rich people getting what they want.
Like, like, they're not, because they're not really experiencing like genuine reasons to be happy.
Like, I, I, like getting a candy bar when you're starving, that's like a big deal.
Getting, getting, getting a really good Kobe steak when you can have anything you want to eat.
Like people tend to go like, Oh, it was a little, it was a little undercooked.
Like you, you still, you enjoy the steak, but the way you express it is with a foodie blog where you complain,
you nitpick, whereas the person who is starving and you hand them a fucking Snickers bar,
they would like kiss it and like break into tongues.
Snickers bar! So fucking hungry.
I've been, I've been lost in the snow. Wolves are eating me and I found toothpaste.
I'm going to eat it. Happiness is like, it's not always an expression of, of, of like satisfaction.
It's an expression of like going from one extreme to the other.
It's like that portamento. Is that what they call it?
Slide whistle.
You know, going sliding from one thing to the other where your, where your fingers are on the frets.
All right. That's our music segment.
Let's bring out relationship expert, Aaron McAvoy!
Hello, Aaron.
Hi, how are you?
Yeah, how's it going?
Good.
Fun show.
Yeah, it's all right. It's headed moments.
It's headed ups and a lot of downs.
I'm enjoying it a lot.
I feel very happy.
Well, there's something wrong with you.
That's how I receive compliments.
It's called deflection. It's one, it's a, it's a new gateway.
It's like a new Oprah book, like a guy selling a book, like, did you know about deflection?
Deflect compliments, deflect insults.
Just repeat to yourself the following phrase.
I'm rubber.
Don't worry what they're made out of.
You're rubber. I'm rubber.
Whatever you say about me bounces off.
That's it.
Nice haircut. Fuck off.
Dan, that sounded racist. You parked wrong. You scratched my car.
I don't care.
Have you lost weight?
I'm rubber.
Have you lost some weight?
Uh, yeah.
Thank you.
You're not rubber. You piece of shit.
Not when I want something to be true.
What's life like now that you guys are engaged, like around the house?
Like, does it change any interactions?
Well, I have to wash the veil every day.
I wear a veil every day.
And you get so dirty, you have to wash it every day.
You've seen our house and you get a little cluttered.
What are you doing to dirty your veil all the time?
Well, we're Methodist.
Ah, you do the math.
Yeah, every morning Dan, every morning Dan baptizes me.
We fill up the bathtub and we write our vows on rose petals.
But they come from the garden and we don't clean them off.
And I'm wearing the veil. Baptism gets dirty.
Yeah.
These are just traditions.
The garden has our neighbor's dogs buried in it.
That's the Methodist part.
Yeah.
Did you guys kill the dogs?
If they don't die on schedule,
that's God asking you to...
It's called dog death schedule.
You know, Methodist.
The old saying, kill a dog with a knife.
Be happily married for the rest of your life.
We're just doing that as many times as we can.
And we don't want to kill our own dog because we like our dog.
Kill a dog every Wednesday.
That's the special spiritual friend's way.
Which is the name of our denomination of Methodist special spiritual friends.
If anyone's interested, we'll be...
Kill a dog on Sunday night, Monday morning, fuck or fight.
So that's more of the Appalachian...
Fuck or fight a dog or another person.
Each other, each other.
So if you kill a dog on Wednesday night?
Kill a dog every Wednesday.
That's spiritual friends.
Sunday night, fuck or fight.
If you have a question, there's a pamphlet under your seat.
If you don't have any questions but just want to leave,
there are armed guards at every door.
Welcome to Methodology, we call it.
You're now Methodists.
Are you guys excited to be married?
Yeah.
I'm excited.
I would do it tomorrow, but I want the wedding to be...
Oh, that's nice.
Well, yeah, I guess I would hope.
I mean, it would be bad if you prefer.
Well, hopefully in six months, I'll want this.
I want to make sure the ceremony's good.
But I also want to...
Well, spoilers.
Spoilers.
I want it to be...
I'm going to do a concept wedding.
Who is going to be the...
Can you say who the officiant is going to be?
We haven't decided on that yet.
And we can't talk about that any further.
Yeah.
There'll be a lot of blood.
No chomsky.
Do you take this woman?
So first, let me talk to you about advertiser.
For indoctrinated or unindoctrinated,
to be confined to margins of ideology
that are predetermined by an industrial military complex.
Jeff, if you were to officiate our wedding,
what would be your style?
Um...
Jazz.
You get it.
I would do it in blackface, of course.
Are you asking me to officiate your wedding?
Is that what's going on?
No, I know I am not.
I'll tell you, my style would be to say no if you asked me.
But if I were pressed, I would...
I would do it...
Fast and...
Fast and jazzy.
Lots of tapping.
Oh, well, that would be kind of fun.
If you came out on, like, a grand piano,
just started tapping,
maybe a little spotlight on your toe,
Ben Vereen from all that jazz and a white tuxedo,
and I would come...
And you would forget to actually marry us.
Like, you would do the whole show and then leave,
and then you would go to the parties at the drawing room.
He just did the last three songs from Cats,
but he never married anybody.
I do need you to be a groom'sman,
if you would do me the honor.
For real?
Well, you saw that coming.
There's seven bridesmaids and I have three friends.
I would be honored and be quite happy to.
Thank you.
What are we going to wear?
Spoilers.
I don't know.
Something blood-proof.
We're really into Game of Thrones.
We're Methodists.
Our weddings are different.
You're doing a red wedding?
Spoilers.
Someone said nice.
Yeah, I don't...
I wonder if anybody has...
For sure, there's been a red wedding.
Like, two huge Game of Thrones fans
have fallen in love
and gotten married
and have had, like,
a lot of fun.
They've gotten married
and have had, like, at least on some scale.
Sure.
They've had some kind of red wedding, like, gag.
And there's some...
There's Hilda at the wedding
who, like, has to be splashed by blood,
but needs to be a good sport.
Everyone's given a...
I don't really want to talk about blood so badly.
Without spoiling the wedding,
are you guys doing high-concept shit?
Well, Aaron, when you throw parties,
they tend towards the high-concept spectrum.
But I...
But I will...
I...
I would like my wedding
to be, as a good ceremony should.
It will be a narrative event.
There will be a story told.
You will...
You will feel like you're a part of something
that's more than just the standard story
of, let's get dressed up,
let's go to the wedding, okay, that was a wedding.
Zero...
It will be a...
It will be a high-concept in that regard.
What will the call to adventure be?
However...
Well, none of that.
I can't... I'm not gonna...
I mean, they're talking about a thing
that happens a year from now.
But I...
But also, in keeping with my personal
philosophies of entertainment,
the people that come to the wedding,
they have to not be put upon by the concept.
They have to just be, like, swept up in it.
And they can just have a good time
with it.
I will be marrying
the idea of Dan, and then he'll be marrying
the idea of me.
We'll tell each other about it afterwards.
Mine will be in a pool of blood.
Yeah, it's gonna be great. There's gonna be a good story.
We're writing the story together. It's a lot of fun.
Yeah.
I like it. We're good collaborators.
We don't get on each other.
We like doing stuff together.
I still really want us to write a
sci-fi rom-com.
For the wedding? Or just, like, for a thing?
Just in general, because Dan and I
have had several, like, joke
arguments about the two
genres
and combining the two. That's all.
Yeah. It's not a fruitful
pathway to go down.
The big bummer about our relationship is that
our shared love is
getting and eating and watching
movies.
But
there's a distinct
breakdown in the types of movies we would
like to watch.
And I really...
I really liked Clueless.
I did.
I thought it was uplifting and interesting
and I really... I liked 27 dresses.
I really did.
27 dresses?
I thought it was charming and sweet.
And we both liked her
because that's a sci-fi
romantic comedy.
But other than that, we're fucked.
And it's just like
we really say mean things.
Not about each other, but just like
we just get mean. I just go like
okay, yeah, why don't you just type in
you know, Paul Rudd
gets his groove back
and I'll just focus
on my farming game on my iPad.
And then she's like, well, what if Paul Rudd explodes
and someone has to jump away
in slow motion and then we...
we get...
like Aaron's
thing is that
she observed the fact that I honestly
do not care if the acting
the directing
even the writing, if it's kind of bad
as long as the things that are
happening in the movie
have something to do with
robots,
dinosaurs, zombies, explosions,
spaceships, something... anything
really though, like
something like happening
I need a threshold to be
crossed. Other than like
oh my god, I have to
help my boss
meet my sister
like that should be happening
in the background of a real story
where
where someone's coffee cup has a
snake in it, you know, that like
if it gets into your brain it knows
what you think
and can tell your friend
and then snakes
start spreading
throughout. What's that movie called?
Decaf Cobra.
No.
Snakes on a Brain.
Fuck you Adam.
You've been undone.
What if there's a movie
about two
murderous
androids? I'm in.
I don't care what you say next, I'm in.
That's how easy I am.
But what if there is less violence
but the two androids
are approaching each other
in the
station
just the station
but they're holding
a bunch of cogs and
bolts and stuff and they run into each other
and they're like, oh no, that's mine.
Come on.
And then they have this like...
If Spike Jonze directs it, I'm
down.
I'll watch it.
I know you're trying
to trick me, I thought what you were
trying to do anyway was that you were going to go
what if there was a movie about
androids that were so lifelike
that the whole movie was just them running
into each other
and this takes place
in the future when androids
have totally taken over so everyone's an android
and these two androids like
one of them has 27 bridesmaid's dresses
and the other one is...
That's what she said, she said
it's murderous androids but it's not really about
violence, it's more about them just
workplace drama. But what I will do now
because frequently Dan will fall asleep
and then that's the time when I'll put on
these shitty movies and he'll wake up
and respond to something that's said in the
movie and it won't make any sense and he'll be angry
when he's watching the movie. When you do that
the next time I'm going to tell you that
Ashton Kutcher is an alien or so fun
or a murderous robot and then
you'll enjoy it and it will probably make more
sense. Because my girlfriend
she likes dramas like One Hours
and we watch Nashville together
can we all come into my place and watch
fucking Nashville? This show is fucking nuts
does anybody watch Nashville?
I'm sad that anybody here has
that's the fucking worst
my very good friend Chip is on it
this show
wow
nothing is beneath this show
and yet I have fallen in love with it
also we have to watch The Baby, we watched The Baby
1973 a film called The Baby
anybody?
no, fucking dig it
it's a cult movie
we watched it at Schrab's place the other night
we should all watch this movie and then
come in and talk about it
the less said about it beforehand
the better but fucking 1973
The Baby
a welfare worker
goes to a family that has raised
a fully grown
man as an infant
and so these hot kind of fetishy chicks
are changing his diaper
and he's 25
but he's a baby
and they take his diaper off and then they fuck
him at night and they chase him around
with a cattle prod
and it's a very good movie
I just have this
I conjured like this
childhood
memory I have
of
going to my sister's hospital
my sister
had a ret syndrome at birth
and she was at this hospital
and
there was a lot of
retarded people in the hospital
and I remember
uh
visiting her as a kid
and not knowing she was my sister
but like we were going to visit her
and then I just I always have this like
I remember the smell you know I smell like
like if you like it's that
diaper smell like every time I smell it
kind of like I really get placed there
and I remember walking on this linoleum
and these fluorescent lights and kind of wandering
off well people took
pictures with my sister
and uh wandering down this linoleum
all way and following the sound of this
this weird sound of this
person going
moo moo
and uh and then I
walked into this room and there was this crib
and there was a there was rows
of cribs
and there were adults in all of them
and I looked into there was a team
of like nurses around
the one there was a sound was coming from
and it was this guy
he didn't have Down syndrome he was just
you know there's a lot of ways to be
uh developmentally
disabled and uh this guy
just looked like
a porn star he just looked like a guy
he just looked like he looked like a
porn star because he was naked he looked like
he looked like he had a mustache
a finely groomed 70s mustache and he had
like a hot comb
side parted haircut like it just like
he would just be a guy that worked where my dad
worked but he was in a diaper
and uh and he was going
moo moo moo moo
and then they finally gave him
his moo moo which was like this squeaky
cow cow toy
and I was just this kid I could
just was just wandering in and seeing this
it was I don't know if it was
traumatizing
because I don't when I when I think about it
it was
I'm upset because you just spoiled the plot
of our wedding
uh all the groomsmen were going to be
in the little cribs
and it definitely stuck with me
I mean I think I was kind of a sandbaggy
way to expose a kid to
uh institutionalized mental health
like that was not what I
maybe needed to see if I was going to
grow up to believe in therapy
I don't know
I'm not going to I'm not going to I'm not going to blame
blame that on
I don't know I think therapists are also stupid
we should not we should not forget that
but also
I just think of this guy
this diaper
I was like
like I don't know I felt like I was like
what that guy looks like my dad
like why is he why does he want his moomoo
and and why are they treating him
like a baby I mean he's well he can't
he's like in a crib it's weird
he was like 35
so how soon do you want to watch this movie
this baby movie
I don't know
uh if you
if you had a memory
I haven't but I haven't
consumed it with my ego driven
uh mythologization
of memories you know the way we do that
then my mom said this and then I said that
and that's why I'm so into
purple you know
and then and then once you've decided
that like you kind of like you then you
refine it and you're like oh well let's shore
up these edges that kind of contradict
the fact that this is why I like purple
let's make my mom really into red
and uh that memory
is so distinct but I haven't co-opted
it in any way that I know of
because I don't know how to feel about it
it's just so distinct
it's like I could I could
I could draw every tile
of that linoleum floor I could
I could create every
every smell if I
knew how to create smells
I know you I know what you're gonna say
we both know there's no need to say it
if you had a moomoo
like if you let's say
like something something happened
where you you witnessed
something really tragic all of a sudden
and you had a psychotic break
and you were sent to a place like this
and you you reverted back
to infancy infancy what would
be your moomoo what would be the thing that you were
calling for all the time
vodka
but that's different that's not the same
but it's not like he cradles a vodka
bottle at night
the sad thing is it would just be like
iphone
fofo
ring ring ring ring
I don't know it'd be a picture of you I'm sure
let's get Spencer out shall we Spencer
hey guys
I think probably everyone has already
forgot this but uh
when I was on the academic
athlon team in high school
I wanted to make the name of our team
snakes on a brain
for real
that's how
recently you were in high school
yes
snakes on a plane was in theaters
I think it just came out yeah
that's fucking shocking
everyone shut up
how old are you Spencer
I'm 24
what are you trying to
nah I'm just casting my mind
back to 24
I think I worked I was
dressing I was a drag
character at Disneyland at a sketch show
I was dressing up as a woman
for Disney
yeah
yeah we were at the sketches for Disneyland
I think they still do them in Frontierland
and uh yeah I had to
I was Sally May the ugly
ugly daughter of the mayor of Frontierland
aww that wasn't fair
I'm sure you were very fair
I played the mayor and the sheriff too
but I frequently would dress up
in a big gingham dress and a big
curly cue wig
and we only
the only character is allowed to have
men that could have facial hair like stubble
because if we were
unshaven it was funnier because
if we were women and the joke was that
we were ugly
we had to be really ugly
and when women played that character
not cool because the joke was that she was ugly
so it was funnier if
like six foot four guys with stubble
played the gal
I was in a melodrama play
like a um
the uh gosh what's the
Dudley Durey type production when I like
her collar like in this
in Poway California which has kind of a western
western history
are you from Poway? Oh
cool
sorry I just have a lot of feelings about
Poway so I was in this production
and I was like
the female lead
and I had like a big blonde
wig and a ton of makeup
and that like a gingham dress
and all that and I thought I looked really
pretty and I have a bunch of pictures
like I took way too many pictures of myself during this time
and the male lead was my boyfriend
at the time and I thought it was the best thing ever
invited everyone I knew to it even there was the
shittiest thing in the world and
opening night one of the things I had to do
was like go into the front row and like
sit on the lap of some man and
it would make the Dudley Durey character
jealous and I sat on the lap
of a man and I heard him say to his friend
like get this guy off me
because I thought they thought I was
I was wearing so much makeup
that they thought I was
in drag which I basically was
I was in drag I was like
looking was trying to look like
a really va va va boom
woman but boy was that a
bummer
what kind of dammit
why does he need his friend to help him get a guy off
of him
I can't imagine myself ever saying that
Jeff get this guy off me
maybe he was worried his friend thought he was gay
and that he was
in the closet and he was subconscious
no that's actually that's really interesting
yeah in the moment he was like
that's what he wanted because he knew
the words that came out of his mouth couldn't be
I'm not into this to his friend
and if he would have thought I was a woman he would have said
I'm gonna fuck her later
she just sat on me because she wants it
yeah and I wanted to I wanted so bad
I really do I promise I'm gonna get it in her
so far in
the front not the back
and then I'm gonna build a bridge
I'm gonna build a bridge
did I tell you the story about
this is probably a story I shouldn't tell
because I've had a few
Disneyland Frontierland
we would get our costumes
I think I told this story before
we would get our costumes at Disneyland
where all the princesses would get their costumes
you'd walk in the morning and I was a cowboy
or I was a mayor or I was a bandit
or I was this Sally May character
and
Snow White or Cinderella
or Ariel or Esmeralda
all the Disney princesses would be in their underwear
walking about with their hair and makeup
but in their bras
and panties on it was just fucking fantastic
it was really good
and like Ariel's they had a little rack of clams
they had a cold clamshell bras
and like that's like one set of
clams is way bigger than the other ones
and her name was Stephanie I remember
I was like
whose clams are those?
she's new she's Stephanie
she has giant clams
she hasn't figured out how to use the clams
it's like demolition man
wow
it's a deep cut
so
you derailed me
you had sex with one of the princesses
and you wanted to
thank you
and then Roy Disney
he goes from here to here
thank you
no one's ever fucked a princess like this
how did you do that
I just
hey man I'm just doing what I do
well you get out here
we're giving you the Dumbo Award
for elephant trunk dick
having
for making us believe
that a man can fly
with his penis
we at Disneyland would like to honor you
Jeffrey Brian Davis
please insert this feather
here's your free ostrich leg
so anyway
there was a gal that played Pocahontas
for a while at Disneyland
and she was
let's just say the hottest thing on the planet earth
more dads took photos with this
Pocahontas than children
she was just like
cabalano
as Warren Thomas would say
she came from the planet Poonani
and she was just like wow wee
and the Pocahontas outfit
is a bit scant
it's revealing
and she was very sweet
and young
and she came into our dressing room
my dressing room was me and two other guys
that were in the sketch comedy troupe
and one of us alternately would be the mayor
the sheriff or Sally May
the ugly daughter of the mayor of Frontierland
so we would be in there and it's always hot
because it's summertime in California
and Pocahontas came in
just to say hi and she left
and my friend Joe
was in the cast and he's gay
and he's very sweet
Pocahontas left and he just went into song
and I'll never fucking forget this
and this is really bad but I repeat this for
no reason
the song was
because she just left
and we kind of just left in her wake
and he went
there once was an Indian maid
who said she wasn't afraid
to lie on her back in the old bear shack
and let the cowboys tickle her crack
but one day to her surprise
her belly began to rise
and up from her country a little red
runt with his ass between his eyes
Disneyland
you know that song would have made the
the gender issues
episode so much more fun
why was the child deformed
with
fuck
we can start the questions right now
I have 30
I don't know why
I would say it's the most
inflammatory racist thing I've ever
heard in my life and it was
the fact that it was sung
backstage at a Disneyland
dressing room made it all the more sweet
something to do with the fact that
she made love by letting them tickle her crack
so he had an ass between
his eyes because that was his identity
she said she wasn't afraid to lie
on her back in the old bear shack
my question is what's the bear shack
I figure that's just where you cure
your pelts
and it's where you it's a place that
you think is bill knows what I'm talking about
or a beef beef I'm sorry beef
beef beef god beef steak beef god
just bill oh he's a beef god
well you know he's he's
graduated he took his abuse one day
just be bill he's galvatron now
but no you're a
you're a woodsman in a
you have to cure
you gotta cure hides and stuff
what would you say a bear shack was
would you
if you were an Indian made be afraid
to lie on your back in the old bear shack
and let the cowboys tickle your crack
or if you thought that they were gonna kill you
if you didn't let them do it
yeah okay
I'm just kidding but I like
the reaction I got
the song has troubled me for a long time
I'll
I'll reverse the sexism when I was
when I was in college me and my
me and a friend of mine would go to
the local mall and
walk outside of the Amber
Crombie and Fitz where the male models were
and just laugh
did you sing a song about them?
there once was a guy named Todd
who had a giant rod
he took off his shirt and
sat in the dirt and got a job
at Amber Crombie and Fitz
it wasn't a popular song
that's the first time it's ever been sung
so are you two a rhymes game?
yeah yeah yeah
it's a
it's A-B-A-B-C-4
Spencer do you know any rippled nursery rhymes
or tunes? that's a weird
line to bring me in on
there's a lot of rhymes about you
because when you were born isn't it true
that your balls were bigger than an
adult? yeah but the problem with that
is uh okay so it's like
Spencer was born
his balls as big as oranges
then you stop you can't go any further
nothing rhymes
didn't you see your balls as big as a human
heart or something like that before?
I'm sure yeah that's I think my dad said
that
to a more regular size of that
are your balls still as big as oranges?
well I mean most of the time
they're down there just normal size
but they can occasionally
assume orange
yeah they get they engorge
and grow fur
really? yeah really
on the full moon
he has
like can throw
in this
testicles
I was close
I'm just trying to think
where wolf is where the
where part is actually the man part
but we often make the mistake of going
oh I'm like a where soda I turn into
a soda no that's
no that would be right
yeah right?
if you said I was a
soda wolf that'd be more suspect
right
where soda
I mean nothing bad happens
but it's dangerous depending on where I am
remember Conner
remember Conner's conundrums
shit wow whatever happened to that kid
you think he like went basketball diaries on us
after we stopped using his
conundrums? someone tried to rob him and he said
would you rather
keep robbing me
or have
a wing on your butt
and the person was like
that's a terrible conundrum and he's like
that's what harm it don't say
he just ran off into the night
now he's under a bridge
warming his hands over a coffee can
next to some guy named Duke
a nice guy, a guy who's seen the
ropes under that bridge
telling him about all the other people
that over there is rosy
you don't want to talk to her about her baby
he doesn't know the ropes but he's seen them
he doesn't know the ropes of
non homelessness is that what you mean
he said he's the guy that lives under the bridge
and he's seen the ropes
it's a rope bridge
I told you I'd get his drug as you before though
alright
so let's uh yeah
what do you think about Dungeons & Dragons
or do you hate it
I enjoy it
I like playing magic the gathering a bit more
that's a surprising reaction
I've never played that briefly described to me
okay so
you know how in D&D you fight but most of the time
you fight with swords like if you're a wizard
you'd be fighting with spells
so the point is your wizards
that are using spells to kill each other
and the spells might be oh I summon a goat
or it might be I shoot fire at your face
so basically that
you get strategy based
they're just the two
just goats and lightning bolts
I don't like it you know what I like about D&D
I don't know if you've noticed is the yelling
I like getting in
verbal fights
you like getting inflamed for no reason
yeah
no reason
yeah sure so sometimes
I'll fly on the handle if someone suggests
that the definition of friendship is not eating
my face
god damn it
anyways I was not here for the mature
I heard it was quite funny
and I did not hear the D&D
what briefly went down
let's see
he attacks and then you guys
attacked him back and
what's with this informal bullshit
should we start it up properly
real quick before you do that
hey have you heard of starbound
yeah it's you know
yeah
can I get it already
or is it like not out yet
oh shit really
is it like minecraft where you get it
let's just cut the show off now
it's all run and play
yeah no it's made by the creators of terraria
except it's more space based
there's more world exploration
is it 2D like terraria
yeah yeah bits and blocks
that's what they call those games
I mean I like the immersiveness of a 3D environment
Spencer
there's subtleties of sprite based art
but you know
one person does
but I can play it on a Mac
yeee
I don't know
there you go
let's bring that guy up
nope
one more question
about starbound
uh huh
can I pay for it
without having to get a paypal
because it's on jagoff account
I mean probably who cares man
steam
see there's a lot of these credit cards
well I don't
alright I'll deal with it at home
also should I clean up my garage
it's fine
it's pretty bad
wait how do you know about the spiders
how do you
how do you think they got there
Adam Goldberg just mentioned the spiders
and suddenly I freaked out
the garages have spiders
oh well we have a
oh I've talked about it I'm sorry
you should genuinely panic that Adam Goldberg
had been in our garage
so note that
Adam
I love that I'm really through you
you're like wait a minute Adam's been in our garage
like he's just down there just hanging out
I like that
we have a lot of spiders
but anyway
what
oh shit
last time on Harmontown
our heroes had journeyed down an
ice hole and found a hissing skeleton
named Lenev
they had complex and disturbing interactions
with the skeleton setting him off
on a path of violence
Lenev choked Sharpie but
Sharpie shot back with a burst of electricity
staggering the dead man
Mulraine caught fire
with her amulet of summer
and grabbed Lenev's arm
while Quark cut said arm off
the wounded skeleton
began to transform
growing two new arms
and attacking Sharpie with his new limbs
the party changed tack
Mulraine reattached Lenev's arm
while Christopher rubbed meat on it
together they fashioned a paper hairpiece
for Lenev's skull
which stopped him dead in his tracks
they quit fighting
and joined hands and strolled off
down the path towards Tormod
the city of Unshackled Dead
that's pretty much it
so we made friends with him
which I think is pretty admirable
you made friends with Lenev
yeah
and you reattached an arm and gave him a toupee
that was just sort of a gesture
some of those guys, yeah
we had cut off his arm and then we reattached it
we had some meat that we rubbed around it
because we thought that what a skeleton
enjoys having meat on his arm
made sense to me at the time
but more importantly
this was the thing that sealed the deal
we started making him construction paper hair
because I think
that even when he wasn't a skeleton
he maybe was bald and was insecure about it
that's a speculation
that's not canon
but we are now his friend again
and
you re welcome
did we find the
Teregon of Virtue
what the fuck was it called?
no, we re off to the Terra Tor
to Tormod of Tor
so now we have Lenev
with us as a
because Christopher is possessed
and we want to cure him
wherever he is
Lenev, how far off is Tormod of Tor?
oh, it's like a couple minutes
we re just, yeah
what do you mean wherever Christopher is?
is he here?
there's a character she's on the table in front of you
oh shit, I just got told
I guess he is here
okay, Christopher is here
he's still tied up by that muzzle
yeah, three minutes off is what I answered your question with
time passes
oh yeah, it does
as time passes you pass by broken gray pillars
and piles of glittering black glass
shattered razor sharp fragments
that are strewn about the dusty ground
Lenev speaks
he says, as I was trying to say before
all that happened
the unshackled are generally peaceful
but down here there's more crawling around
than just Tormod of Tor's own
you know, citizens
the chained ones still shamble around
their mindless horrors that seek not
but to snuff out the life
of anyone
be on your guard because the chained ones
hear no reason like me
so there was no route
that took us around to this area?
no, they were...
yeah, they're all around everywhere
they're everywhere, there isn't a big circle
around where we're going
they don't just...
this is going nowhere
they go wherever life is
and you guys are full of it
oh, you meant...
are we close to Tormod of Tor?
yeah, couple of minutes
okay, Jesus
I say we keep running
and avoid these chained ones, you guys
let's pick it up
gentlemen, gentlemen
as we're running, may I ask you
how are you guys feeling
about this whole quest in general
and emotionally
how are we doing
are we...
how are we feeling?
I feel pretty good
72 HP
no, but how many...
is that hit points or heart points?
really? 72
holy shit
I'm fit as a fucking fiddle
I take my knife and stab him in the thigh
what the fuck?
look, I just want to talk
I defend myself in a violent way
and I take out my mighty greatsword, period
oh, shit
look, you just attacked me with a knife, Jack
I'm all right
sorry, look, I...
I acted impulsively
I know, now where the fucking daggers are drawn, motherfucker
look, at the end of the day, what matters is...
what matters right now is you fucking
pulled a knife on me and tried to stab me
that's what matters to me right in the moment
spit in his face
talk to me
I was talking until you fucking
pulled a weapon on me
I'm a barbarian, I'll fucking bleed you
real slow
I thought today would make you weak
we got more than five feet
we were about to until she fucking
tried to stab me
we're running, we're running
now we're fucking fighting, what are you doing?
all right, I'm sorry
so you don't stab me?
I won't stab you, I take my eyelashes
and I flutter them over his wound
or where it would be, because I didn't stab him
all right, let's go
I
make her walk in front of me and I have my
great sword drawn just in case she gets
fucking weird again
is homicide contagious around you people?
you don't do things that make
sense
I didn't provoke that in any way
you're boasting about your hit points
so you stab a person?
I'm not justifying anybody
I feel really good, I'll kill you
come on guys, let's get to Toll House
as long as we're giving notes
if there's a place and then outside
the place is there's a place where there's a
bunch of monsters, unless they exist
in a fucking circle around
the place, there's got to be a way
around
you've taken us through the unshackled
telling us they're
monsters
it's a dangerous world, man
I don't know what you want me to do
I'm not worried about anything except for
possibly more rain because she's
schizophrenic
it's true
let's go, but if there's an encounter
it's on you
okay
I've got 72 hit points
I get a little twitchy
but I calm myself
okay, so you continue down
the path, you see
a destroyed, blown out
kind of hut, you see the roof
of the hut and then the walls are kind of
just falling onto the floor
its top just collapsed
then you go by a broken fence
it's just like a fence, but it's all broken
it doesn't work
to keep stuff out of places
should we check out the hut
yes
let's check out this hut
if you want to check out that hut, you better be on your guard
because those unchained ones
they go in huts sometimes
I use my stealth
and I creep
towards the hut
I vote for no hut
but
if you're a hut lover
I think I may be a hut lover
do you have stealth or are you a stealthy person
yeah, I have stealth, yeah
anyone can be kind of stealthy even if they don't have
you don't have to take that away from me
will you come back if you see anything hazardous
no
yeah, you know, if there's something hazardous
I will
use my boots
of spry springing
and I will sing a special song
and you'll know it when you hear it
there once was an indian man
alright
try not to judge me for singing it
so you creep towards the hut
and you hear the sound of
maybe like chomping
and gobbling probably
those sounds
you don't see anything
but you
now you do see something
you see the roof of the hut kind of shaken
shimmy
I don't know what huts do
they don't dance
I guess not
it's definitely shaken though
scoops
there once was an indian man
okay, let's go
let's keep going
who had a crack
it was very
we should just keep going
okay, they walk on ahead
but I walk around the back of that shack
and I put my ear up to the wall and listen to the chomping
it's louder now
because your ear is closer
can I see through? nope, it's just the roof
there's not even any way to like get in
I kick in the back wall of the hut
what in the fucking Harmon
he gets 72
you kick in the back wall of the hut
and it just kind of crumbles to pieces
as if it were like wet rotting wood
which it's not
it's like some sort of sheet metal
that's weird
anyway, you see it's a zombie
it's a zombie naked
and full of flesh
his mouth is just gaping open
full of flesh, he's trying to chomp on it
but his mouth's broken
he's like got a broken jar or something
flesh
I take my great sword and slash at his neck
okay
you sure do
you cut it clean off
he's not too
yeah, he's dead
I wipe my sword on the ground
I look around
you cut to me
and Lenev just hanging out in the snow
oh
and I go
so uh
is there a Mrs. Lenev
no
alright now you can come back to Jeff
I examine the hut
it's just like you see
two corpses now there was
what corpse in a zombie but now there's two corpses
one's half eaten
there's nothing else in the hut?
no, it's just a roof really
it's just a roof on the ground
alright, I fuck both of the corpses and I run back to the
I run back to our campaign
and let them know what happened
do you fuck them like till you finish?
no
now it's just kind of cursory
it's just kind of like
it's like what the cursory thing that I do
well the kids have a thing called teabagging
on the multiplayer games
they teabag each other
multiplayer shooters
you crouch over the face
of your victim
and it's symbolic that you're teabagging them
no, I actually
fuck them
no, I'm just saying like you just
you're doing a thing that it's not a sexual act
it's an act of anger
I generally enter any combat situation with a mild
direction and so I
I'm like the Comanche of old
where I enter war
with a certain amount of chimescence
and I look
I'm not saying I'm a good person
that if it ain't broke don't fix it
so I fuck most of my
most of my
thwarted foes
do you have any more questions?
how are you feeling?
I feel great until you tried to stab me earlier
I have 72 hit points
I run back up to the group
I go kill the zombies, I fuck a couple people
but everything seems to be cool
oh did you meet Jerry?
no, I run back to the hut
you see a half
eaten corpse and another corpse without a head
are you called Jerry?
you get no response
I run back I go no, I didn't meet Jerry
no, I might have
fucked Jerry, but he didn't have
a lot to add
whatever
who's Jerry?
he's just a friend of mine
did he look like a guy and I describe the corpse
uh
no
who's Jerry?
you just ran off for about two minutes
to go fuck something?
no, I heard some rumbling
I thought there might be some bad things going on
there was, I killed a zombie, I fucked them both
as a skeleton, are you friends with zombies?
yeah, yeah
is Jerry a zombie?
yeah
okay, full disclosure
I might have killed Jerry and fucked him
well
you describe Jerry
I mean, you describe someone that's different from Jerry
okay, I describe the zombie that I killed
you already described that
or I thought describing the corpse he was chomping on
either way, not Jerry
sorry, sorry everybody
that's good to know, so in the future, if I see a zombie
these might be your pals
I guess
alright, that's good to know
if I see any humans, are they your pals?
Sharpie?
Sharpie, leave it
leave it
I was certain you were going to hear that, it's a weird
passive aggressive threat
no, it's not a
I'm not insane, that's just a
that's a poignant observation
I start running towards Timberland
termite of torque
you run down the path
and it's pretty dark, but as a health elf
you can see a little bit
you see a crumbling gray wall
it's massive and imperious
except it's
cracked in many places and you see
it's attempted to be plastered a bunch of times
there's all sorts of plaster patches
in the middle there's a big
giant wooden gate but it
looks all
rotted
rotted gate
rotted but intact?
yeah, it's definitely still standing
I go up and I kick the gate
I'm going to kick and moot
you kick the gate and
your foot just sinks right through
it's not even satisfying, you just get
your leg kind of stuck in the wood
before you extricate it
either they don't understand architecture
around here, something bad has happened
it looks like they live in
a neighborhood of zombies
so
I think this is a community
besieged by the undead
yeah
and I light a cigarette
I get really close to you
and I suck in the smoke and then blow it back
in your face
I think we established 10 minutes ago
that I'm schizophrenic so this is my new thing
I take a cigarette out of his mouth, I blow a smoke ring
and I fuck the smoke ring
but while I do it, I make eye contact
with both of them and it's sort of a
weird warning
hey Lenev, is there any danger if we call
out?
no, no, in fact I will
open up, you there
my idea to call out
hey everybody
open up
just me out here with the idea to call out
my idea first
call it out
bothered to get a quorum about it
was punished for it
yeah
it's just that
I usually say that
well
there's a new skeleton in town
and it's under my body
a Lenev
he pounds on the door a bit lightly with his
glowing hand
I pound on it the same time
open up, open up
for Lenev, saying it louder
he takes two or three steps back
and slowly the gate
doors start to grind open
open sesame
but as the gate
is open, you see
the top hinge of the right door
it buckles and cracks
and you see the door start to crumble and fall
on to you guys
towards it
it's falling on you
backward summer stop
okay
you're all taking reflex
saves
backward handspring
I start clapping
wait
instead of dodging out of the way
she's lost her mind
I start clapping but in my head
I'm clapping so hard that the air is gonna
push away
the door
while I'm doing my reflex save
backward handspring, are you having a stroke
no
I'm not, I'm saving us
alright
okay so
the two of you dodge out of the way
and Mulraine as well as Lenev
get hit by this door
so you're saying standing there
and clapping didn't work
I guess not
but you're saying Lenev being a big know-it-all
didn't work
and what
well he still got crushed by a door
even though he was a guy who knows when to shout
and when to knock
you're so defensive
so anyway the two of you
the two of you guys that I mentioned getting hurt
get hurt, you take 23 damages
huge portions of wood
just smash onto the floor
you're kinda pinned, you're both kinda pinned
Jesus Christ
alright I start
doing this
I start moving like a word
I try to roll
I try to roll out of it
hold on
you might go into shock
eat snow
and save your urine
I open the door fellas
you can pull me out
I run back up to them and I take the wood
from off of them to
save them from the pile of debris
alright that happens
Lenev looks kinda banged up
but he pulls himself up
you alright buddy? you look
like a skeleton
that's normal
alright well
there have to be some sacrifices for us to win this fight
I vote for Lenev
just kidding buddy
what do we see before us in this doorway
the doorway opens up
and inside you can see
smaller gray huts
like the one you saw but less destroyed
I guess some of them are destroyed
you see tons of undead creatures
just kinda hobbling about
like zombies on a hunk of meat
but they're moving around into frenzy
on a hunk of meat butt?
like a hunk of butt meat
I'm sorry
but they start thronging about
moving their hands and their feet
and all of their bodies really
and they start erecting a large
a large stone statue
of a, it looks like a knight with a skeleton head
but it's about 40 feet tall
they pull it up to the
pull it up to erection
they just build it in front of us?
while we're standing there
do they do it in fast motion?
no there's a couple larger chunks
it's impressive how fast they are
don't get me wrong
don't let me underplay that
I say to Lenev, is one of these guys Jerry?
are these guys your friends?
yeah these are the people
I mean not my friends
they're just citizens
how should we approach them?
I mean like you would any other regular person
perfect I've made these bracelets
that's impressive
I'm impressed by those bracelets
thank you so much
I'll follow your lead
I do one of those road warrior whistles
the two fingers
I can't do it in real life
yeah
you know like while they're
while they're assembling their statue
you hear off camera
and then they, I would hope that they would
all look over and you would whip pan over to me
and I would go
I don't know something Pixar-ish like a little help
or
got milk
I mean a whip pan?
a whip pan, like the camera
I don't make that choice
oh you don't want it to feel like
I like the tension building
of a slow pan maybe
well at any rate I whistle to get their attention
and I say like
we have a cursed friend here
possessed friend
we were hoping to get some aid
we need the tarragon of virtue
a couple people look over but
they go back to their stuff
he's like yeah they're working
they're building stuff
regular folk they don't know weird stuff
about tarragons or virtues
we're gleaning all this
from their behavior no this is what Lenev is telling
you guys you're saying those things
I say to my friends look fellas
let me take care of this
I undo my hair
I whip it around
I take out an arrow
and I take the feathers from the arrow
and I stuff them in my mouth
I walk up to the
zombies that have erected the statue
okay
hello
they're not
cats
hey guys
me and my friends
are looking for a little something
called the tarragon
of virtue
and I take my finger
and I rub it from the top of my
forehead all the way down
to
my shoulder
I do a camera take
those things happen
yeah
so you say those things
and the zombie just kind of looks back at you
and hisses
alright I go back to the group they don't know where it is guys
alright Lenev
is this some kind of healer
or cleric kind of zombie
in this town
no we don't need much healing to be honest
we just kind of
our bodies knit themselves back together
yeah I got a lot of hit points
I think
don't say that she'll try to kill you
oh I think the undead are
metaphor for Canadians
I look around
I look around the room are there any doors
in this room
you're outside
well in the walls
you came in there's a bunch of these
dwellings these small dwellings
but you're not really seen anything sizable
really
but Lenev's like you know
I brought you here to see the bone sages
let's go there
do you really want to talk to these guys
definitely okay to do it
so
he brings you through
some places he winds you down
to path turns left to the hut
turns right to the hut he gets you to
it looks kind of like a church
I guess it's yeah it's just a church
he brings you to a church
there's large stone steps
and he leads you up the steps
and inside you see
three tall skeletal figures
they're draped in a gauzy
robes that are all sorts of weird colors
and they're standing in front of
a bunch of broken piles
of golden bones they're just
standing in front of them
there's three of them there they're just
standing at you
Lenev goes in and starts
gesturing and hissing
and saying all sorts of stuff
you don't really get it
he's talking in skeleton talk
yeah
he's doing that for a bit
he's singing to these guys
yeah he's talking to them
I yell out
are you the bone sages
they all look at you and he stops
hissing and the three of them look at you
we are the three sages
of tormod tor
yes
we come in search of the tarragon of virtue
to save our friend oh that's impressive
well thank you thanks
thanks
what are your names is
my name is Quark Pfft
I'm a barbarian
I'm
I'm a
mullerine sedona
she's going through a lot of
emotional stuff right now
I'm sharpie Buttsalot
from the Buttsalot tribe
I'm a sorcerer level 6
if that means anything to you
nope
the three introduced themselves
they say we are the sages
the first one on the left
he goes I am tor
and the second one goes I am mod
and the third one goes
I am also tor
which one's the bad boy
probably the second tor
he's the one that's going to trash
the hotel room you know when they're on tour
right he's got something to prove
yeah he wants out
we need the tarragon of virtue
we'll pay any price
within reason
I take my finger from my forehead and my shoulder
and I say any price
wait say that again
okay
great I'm glad I get to say that again
I take my finger
from my forehead to my shoulder
and I say any price
what is the forehead to the shoulder thing
it's a call back
I didn't get it the first time
what does it mean when you rape things
it means I have a lot of issues
right right right my thing probably
means the same thing
more arbitrary
my metric for what's sexy
has gotten messed up somehow
Mulraines
Mcathies is on point
so the sages
they look at you saying those stuff
and then to answer your question
that was posed
the tarragon of virtue is a rare and magical herb
and only grows
in the unfiltered sunlight
on the floating isle
of paradise where mortals
dare to tread
I'm sure they do dare to tread there
it's called the isle of paradise
where is this island
ever since the dawn of time
paradise has drifted high over the earth
shedding radiance and life
onto the ground so that
all life could flourish and grow
there it lied to this day
it's heaven you guys
I mean no
that's a different plane of existence
can you can you ferry us there
no
oh whoa
for a guy that's got nothing but
information you sure are touchy about
requests for assistance
the undead can't go into unfiltered
sunlight on paradise are you
kidding man
I don't work here
I'm sorry
Leviathan is the paradise island
is it on the same
plane that we're on
right now or is it
I missed that did you say it was on a different plane
or it's just above us
they look at each other for a bit and one of them
goes
yeah it's a floating island
it's up in the sky
okay thank you
alright obviously we're idiots
is there a way we
we're not afraid of unfiltered sunlight
you knuckleheads how do we get there
I don't know
are there any are there any
do you have a map
do you know if anyone with a ship
with air power
no
do you have a really tall ladder
yeah
oh oh
is it tall enough to reach the isle of paradise
no that would be ridiculous
has anybody ever been
to the isle of paradise
not us
again we can't go there
that's the only place that the
terragon of virtue exists
the only place that we know
can we leave you with a singer
songwriter who's been possessed
by demons
no no no
lenev's yelling and spitting
he's all angry
he's like what is this bullshit
you're just gonna tell him
tell him everything he wants
they tried to kill me
and I
I demand a shackling
lenev lenev lenev I take my finger from my forehead
to my shoulder and I do it over
and over again wait what the fuck is going on
what are you talking about
what do you think I'm just gonna forget you cut off my arm
you just glued paper to my head
that doesn't erase anything
what the fuck you let you let us here
so you could finish our dispute
we were finishing it in the snow
what yeah the glued paper
to your head was our consolation
like we were saying we stopped
the fight and said let's be friends
so you're gonna punish us for that
no I'm gonna punish you for cutting off my arm
we reattached it
again yeah
we put meat on it
after all of that
we were fighting you in the snow
we stopped fighting you
then you took us here now you want to start fighting again
yeah that was my whole plan
lame
your lame skeleton
I wouldn't
oh yeah you admit it
you admit your lame
so he's lame
he said it
Sharpie Sharpie
Sharpie offer him this
and I hand him a bracelet
here's a bracelet
I don't want that
I want your souls to be shackled
how tall is Linnef
five feet tall
okay I go up to him
and I get him in a headlock and pull my great sword around his neck
and say
you'll give us what we want or I'll
sever your head
fuck face alright
and you know it won't end there Linnef
it won't end
there
that'll be the least of your trouble
so you grab him in your headlock
and do those things
and Mod goes enough
if he demands a shackling
I'm sorry
then we have to enact
the rights of Telemvarna
after the due process
of Fumilaga
it is
do not insult our law
Telemvarna is the due process
yeah well
Telemvarna
they start shouting
as chains
fire out of the walls
I dodge all of them
I dodge every single one
into your very souls
they shackle our souls
they're chaining your souls
I swing my sword around in a flurry
too bad dude
souls be shackled
I give a slow clap
and it sounds like a thousand claps
I take my finger from my forehead
and I don't know what that means
I look at all of them
and I say
very well
let the shackling begin
but once it's over
yes
I'll be unshackled
and you'll still be ugly
thank you for coming everybody
welcome
and good night
we fucking did it
I don't know what happened but we were all here for it
one more time for Spencer Crichton and Erin McGathy
I'm Jeff Davis
the mayor of Harmontown
thanks for Dan Harmon